it's time to talk about the guns I use
lucky onto a sniper review I am overflow
when let's get on to these rifles first
off I want to give a big thank you to
John sued 139 helped me a lot in the
making of this I encourage you to check
out his channel he's a professional
throwing knife expert and knifing expert
as well so check him out you guys anyway
first weapon up is the Brett 50 Cal it's
a very powerful weapon it kills in one
shot from the groin up two shots to the
limbs and ferb beginner I would
definitely say the Brett 50 Cal would be
the gun of choice due to its strength
and also its fire rainn next up is the
cousin of the l96 from black ops if you
guys would like to reminisce about that
game well you play modern warfare 3 this
would be your gun of choice or if you're
a montage maker and you just like the
clean feel of a bolt-action it's a
tremendously good gun to use powerful as
well kills in one shot from the groin
and up two shots to the limbs and
overall it has a very clean feeling to
it so this gun and the bread will
probably be the gun of choice for most
people next up is the dragon off now
this gun has compared to the call of
duty 4 version of it it seems to have
lost a lot of its strength and it kills
in a one shot to the seems to be the
upper neck and or ahead and two shots to
anywhere else on the body it's a lot of
fun it's not my personal favorite but
I'm sure that some of you who like the
semi-automatics will have an absolute
blast with it now this is my favorite
gun the as50 it really reminds me of the
ptrs one from world at war it kills in
one shot from the groin up it also has a
fire rate cap on it so it doesn't fire
as fast as the other semi-automatic
sniper rifles however it is very strong
it is a semi-automatic and it really
resembles a mini version of the brett 50
cal in my opinion it's been my personal
favorite gun since I unlocked it and I'm
sure that all those guys who want
strength and just you know a nice clean
gun will definitely they'll definitely
use the as50 it's a great gun in my
opinion and the next gun we have up is
the RSS it is or the RSASS it is a
semi-automatic sniper kills in one shot
so they had two shots for the rest of
the body and it's a great gun to equip
with a silencer due to the fact that it
has such a high fire rate you can
basically spray this thing extremely
fast and for you guys who want to use a
silencer on your sniper or the guys who
like the semi automatics you guys will
definitely love this gun you can pick a
multi kills with it much easier than the
other ones so I would say that this will
be kind of choice for many snipers in my
opinion last up is the MSR basically
this is the modern warfare 3 version of
the intervention it's it feels like the
intervention and to me it's what I wish
the intervention was in maan warfare two
I really enjoy this gun it's one of my
personal favorites i'm sure a lot of you
guys will enjoy the gun now i'm going to
show you a fire rates on all of these
guns and i'm going to talk a little bit
about something else i'm sure that a lot
of you may be seeing this video and
hearing my voice for the first time so
for you guys who maybe have not been to
the channel before and this is the first
video that you're ever watching for me I
highly encourage you to check out the
other videos if you're interested in
modern warfare 3 gameplay' and
enthusiastic commentary then you're
going to love our channel I really
encourage you guys to become a part of
it and for everybody watching I hope
that you leave a thumb it takes a lot of
effort to make videos like this and I
hope that you guys appreciate it and
just leave a thumb so I can eat it later
and that's all tell me what your
favourite sniper rifle is and tell me
what you think of modern warfare 3 in
the comments section below I hope that
you guys all enjoy the video I enjoyed
making it and you know I love you guys
and I hope that you're having a blast
with modern warfare 3 alright guys I
love you and I am overt and the hell
you